# Softlight Figma → HTML/CSS Converter

A web tool that converts a Figma **Frame** into downloadable **index.html** and **styles.css** files.  
Paste a Figma design link → click **Download Files** → get clean HTML & CSS output based on the original layout.

---

## Features

- Accepts any Figma `/design/` link (Made as per the input in the Problem Statement)
- Extracts and processes the selected frame
- Generates fully structured HTML
- Generates corresponding CSS 
- Scales the exported layout responsively in preview
- Downloads both files on single click

---

## How It Works

1. User pastes a Figma design URL.
2. The app extracts the **file key** from the entered link.
3. The Figma API is used to fetch the frame node data.
4. HTML is generated by walking the node tree.
5. CSS is generated based on each node’s styling.
6. The final files are downloaded automatically on click of Download Files button.

---

## Getting Started

### 1) Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

### 2) Add your Figma Personal Access Token
Create a `.env` file in the project root:

```env
REACT_APP_FIGMA_TOKEN=your_figma_token_here
```

### 3) Run the project
```bash
npm start
```

Then open:
```
http://localhost:3000
```
---

## Running Tests
This project includes Jest-based unit tests for both major parts of the app:

- **Input.test.jsx** → tests the main input screen, URL validation, and file generation logic.
- **DownloadFiles.test.jsx** → tests the HTML/CSS generator functions using sample Figma-like data.

---

### Run all tests
``` bash
npm test

```

---

## Project Structure

```
src/
  Components/
    Input/
      Input.jsx               # UI for Initial Screen
      Input.module.css        # Styling for the Initial Screen
      Input.test.jsx          # Unit test case
    Output/
      DownloadFiles.jsx       # Functions to generate HTML & CSS
      DownloadFiles.test.jsx  # Unit test case
```

---

## Usage

1. Paste your Figma design URL (must include `/design/FILEKEY`).
2. Click **Download Files**.
3. Load `index.html` + `styles.css` in your project or browser.

---

## Demo

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mB3T6VcYwJtPPMx0PT5HTDWQ4EkEeczu/view?usp=sharing

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Wzvo21dkZNOS3XCrokhgNXmzW6kMDiCR/view?usp=sharing


---

## Limitations

- The converter does not identify form controls (checkboxes, radios, dropdowns, input fields). These are exported as regular elements, not interactive HTML inputs.
- The converter does not identify form controls (checkboxes, radios, dropdowns, input fields). These are exported as regular elements, not interactive HTML inputs.

---

## Notes

- In the `.env` file value of `REACT_APP_FIGMA_TOKEN` should be replaced with your Figma Access Token
- Generate an access token by following these steps :  https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/8085703771159-Manage-personal-access-tokens

---



